this has my mods on a different branch: git branch

the keystore AND key passwords are a minimum of 6 chars pwd each!

the file: keystore.properties can be just this(exactly):
storeFile=storeFilePath
storePassword=
keyAlias=
keyPassword=


How to BUILD:

Build->Clean Project
Build->Refresh Linked C++ Projects (just to be sure)
Build->Rebuild Project

then

Build->Generate Signed ... APK
choose APK from the two, `Next`,
point to keystorepathfile.jks as the Key Store path
use min 6 char passwords for both `key store password` and for `key password`
the key alias is same "key0"
`Next`
pick "debug" of the 3, `Create`

then:
adb push ./app/debug/NetGuard-v2.329-debug.apk /storage/emulated/0/Download
adb kill-server

after installing it via package manager or package installer, to keep xiaomi from not killing it, you've to do 4 things:
1. while started press the square button on bottom left to see all tabs(so to speak) and add/tap the lock so it's kept open, or something.
2. hold tap on it while on (1) above, and tap the round settings, go to "Battery saver" set it to "No restriction" of the 4 variants.
3. find "Background autostart" in settings (or via Activity Launcher app aka de.szalkowski.activitylauncher) and find NetGuard there set it to enabled, so it can start on startup (this makes xiaomi less likely to kill it)
4. open the "Battery optimization" activity (probably via Hidden Settings app aka com.cyhan.sets, because this shortcut is hidden) and find NetGuard there, tap it, you see 2 things "Optimize" and "Don't optimize", make sure it's set to "Don't..." - WARNING tho, this resets to "Optimize" every time you turn off then on again the button in NetGuard, probably because com.miui.powerkeeper is marking it as such, instead of marking com.android.updater as such because that's the evil one that uses all the battery and you've to keep stopping it manually else it uses 350+mA constantly (instead of the 150mA that it does when true idle at 10% cpu usage constantly) https://gist.github.com/correabuscar/5564a2b207e81b8d0e781cb998c347a5
5. make sure NetGuard is in Auto Close app's Whitelist so it doesn't get killed by Auto Close.
6. add NetGuard to app lock so you're prompted for pwd when accessing it, in android settings search for 'app lock' then enable the toggle for NetGuard
7. after turning on NetGuard, go into android settings for VPN and turn on both option for Always On VPN and for Block connections without VPN (seems to work fine with android 13 or so)
8. make sure the internet/wifi network is set to have the two DNS IPs to say 127.0.0.10 and 127.0.0.20 so that it cannot DNS resolve (or leak). And thus ensure the correct DNS IPs in NetGuard are set in Setting->Advanced->VPN DNS (the two there); //actually if you don't want port 53 leaks you should set these two to localhost IPs like i dno 127.0.2.3 and 127.0.3.4 which makes NG use 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 actually so you've have to block these in your router! or instead, set them to normal internet IPs which you block in your router, thus so NG itself cannot leak queries behind the VPN! (FIXME: point these to personalDNSfilter somehow, and without breaking the logging of hostnames(which become IPs only, if you don't do it rightly))
9. to use personalDNSfilter, start it make sure it runs DNS server on some port (5300 by default), then in NG portforward 53 UDP to 127.0.0.1 port 5300 and point it to app personalDNSfilter (they're all in the same settings dialog in Advanced of NG. Now each app will be seen as trying to go to your in-NG set DNS server IPs on 53 UDP but allowing them will in fact allow NG to forward to personalDNSfilter and thus it handles those DNS UDP packets as you've set it (hopefully talks to DOH IP externally, via NG but doesn't look up any hosts itself - it doesn't lookup anything itself, confirmed, unless you turn on filtering in pDNSfiler which tries to download a hosts list from some host then you see the DNS IPs attempted in NG's list of pDNSfilter thus you know it(pDNSfilter) tries to look something up, but otherwise it doesn't, even tho it detects the hostname dns.nextdns.io from the SNI when pDNSfilter talks to the DoH IP using that hostname which is already set in its settings)
10. in case you missed it, at step 8 I mentioned ensure the DNS in NetGuard is set in Setting->Advanced->VPN DNS (the two there) are actually pointing to non-existing IPs(untested, should work if they're IPs blocked by router and aren't local IPs like 127.0.0.0/8) OR localhost ones(tested (but without patch, you'll need to toggle(on or off) the "Show log"(which restarts the VPN internally, silently) button to make the port forwarding of port 53 UDP work again, else you run out of UDP sockets since all are still pending or something, unsure), but NG(likely) sets them to 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 so unless u have them set to DROP in router this won't work and NG will still look up hostnames ok, outside the VPN, for logging purposes) so NG will fail to lookup things itself via port 53 UDP, which means main log(but not the apps' log) will show u only IPs not hostnames, unless the hostname was NXDOMAIN(rcode 3)(in which case you see the hostname). Actually that toggle "Show log" (which restarts the VPN or something) is a workaround for another bug whereby if you remove the hostname in the rules that becomes red after a while, it seems to get rid of the bug (even tho it adds it again due to catching it from SNI; and it remains green forevermore even without explicitly Allow-ing it afterwards, and being in whitelist mode, because it's the hostname from the already-Allow-ed IP).

